welcome to the man of recaps this is
survivor winners at war episode 3 this
episode hits the ground running with a
big plan from Adam right now Boston Rob
the Godfather is running the blue tribe
last week the tribe was united in voting
out Danny but now Adam wants to take
control away from Rob's old-school
alliance by getting out his closest ally
Parvati this is the time to draw a line
in the sand and target some of the big
dogs in this game but he doesn't want to
blindside Robin Ethan with this boat he
wants them to still trust him and work
with him after the fact so he tells
Ethan the tribes going Parvati to build
that trust but Ethan's like yo party's
my best friend out here I'm not gonna
turn on her at the red tribe Tyson is
feeling like he's on the bottom wants to
shift the target away from him so he
talks to you and Sophie throwing
Sandra's name out there like hey big
threat two-time winner let's get her
Sandra meanwhile is setting up a fishing
net situation in the shallow Cove it
actually works extremely well they catch
a small shark Tony goes to grab it but
it's not dead so it's wigglin trying to
bite them as they get it back to land
with Tony around there's always some
shenanigans
now that Sandra supplied the tribe with
a glorious shark brunch Jules doesn't
want to get rid of her so you will tell
Sandra that Tyson's gunning for and if
you're coming at the Queen you best not
miss don't come after me if you come
after me I better not find out about it
now at the edge of extinction the three
girls voted out so far each get a little
clue it's a picture of a white tree with
no leaves they go up there to find a
combination lock box it says you already
been given everything you need to know
the combination but they have no idea
they'll explore the island looking for
numbers but it's Natalie who figures out
that the messages came with seashells in
numbered patterns she hides one and
destroys the other to make sure the
other girls don't figure it out that she
goes on up there and opens the lock
three for three extinction advantage is
continentally this advantage is much
less of a must-buy than the others it's
only a clue to where a steal about is
hidden the other tribes camp natalie
figures she better try to sell this one
to someone who's in for taking big risks
she picked Sarah who famously used a
steal of votes to great effect the
season she won so Sarah's down for it
spends her
token now Natalie's got three so I'm
actually a billionaire on extinction she
wants some backup though so she tells
her cops are us partner Tony about it he
helps her gear up for a stealth mission
by putting a shawl over her forehead
then she's voted over to the other
tribes camp then allowed to try to sneak
her away in turns out that camouflage is
totally pointless like if anyone wakes
up she's clearly standing right there
the steel of oats been hidden inside one
of their torches and she manages to grab
it now it's time for the immunity
challenge playing not just for immunity
but also kabobs this is a tough one
starts out with some ninja warrior
jumping through platforms then you got
to dig up a ladder use it to get a thing
luckily Tony is a ladder master now then
you got to throw the ball and hook it so
you can climb up Wendell gets it almost
immediately but the blue team struggling
eventually he gets it though when
everyone climbs up now it's time for a
very difficult tree puzzle Sophie and
Sarah had a pretty big head start but
Robin Michelle catch up quick it comes
down to the final piece but red tribe
gets it first
sending the blue tribe to their third
tribal council in a row
most of the tribe is down for Adams
earlier plan of voting out Parvati nice
and easy vote break up the old schoolers
we're done here but Adam still thinks he
can do it while keeping Ethan and Rob on
his side so he tells Boston Rob about it
telling people truths has backfired on a
lot of people who have played this game
but I think it will work Adam seems to
think he can be the Godfather now and
tell Rob he doesn't really have a choice
I'm thinking is this kid crazy but Rob's
not betraying Carmody right now he tells
her immediately I'm ready to pounce on
Adam devour that guy and just spit out
of bones on edge of extinction then Rob
goes to Jeremy and Michelle tells them
that Adam spilled the beans on their big
secret plan he's like yo Adams trying to
play both sides right now we should all
vote him out Jeremy and Michelle have
been playing quiet game so far staying
under the radar but now they find
themselves with the power they still
want a week in Rob's alliance but no
longer want to do what Adam told them to
so Michelle shifts the target from
Parvati to Ethan it seems kind of weird
like if you want to weaken Boston Rob
maybe just vote Boston Rob but anyway
Michelle steps into the spotlight here
and rallies the rest of the tribe so at
tribal council Adams the only one who
votes for Parvati the three old
schoolers vote for Adam but the rest of
the unaffiliated Saul go with Michelle
and Jeremy's plan they vote out Ethan
now Ethan such a nice guy headed off to
the edge of extinction and gives his
buyer token to his friend Parvati then
that's how episode three comes to an end
if you liked this recap hit that
subscribe button I'm bringing you the
best recaps of TV and movies so don't
miss out
[Music]